Add a line to fix date type (#2873)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/python-models.md

    # apply our function
    # (columns need to be in uppercase on Snowpark)
    df["IS_HOLIDAY"] = df["ORDER_DATE"].apply(is_holiday)

>     df["ORDER_DATE"].dt.tz_localize('UTC') #change date type

Reviewer: Wonderful fix @ernestoongaro!

Based on [these](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.dt.tz_localize.html) docs, what do you think about this comment?
```suggestion
    df["ORDER_DATE"].dt.tz_localize('UTC') # convert from Number/Long to tz-aware Datetime
```
